READ ME FIRST!

It's important that you understand primarily that after installing python 3.11, that you must create a virtual environment.
If you've noticed, you'll see a path to "class", which was the user this laptop compiled all necessary packages and paths to.
Please ensure that you create a virtual environment with this command:

py -3.11 -m venv red_trader

After you've created the necessary environment, go ahead and head to activate the red_trader environment.
If you are on Windows, simply expand the red_trader folder, Scripts, then Activate.ps1 to your terminal in Visual Studio Code.
To get a quick terminal, simply hold Ctrl+`.

After doing these steps, change your directory to cd "RED TRADER".
Then, run this command:

pip install -r requirements.txt

Once you have ran this command, run the next to begin the setup:

python setup.py

The setup will run as expected, and will download all dependencies & libraries to your red_trader virtual environment.
You'll notice a couple of files (and those included in "WEBSITE" folder):

(brains.py, data4.json, main.py, contact.html, about_us.html, signup.html, dashboard.html)

The "WEBSITE" folder is primarily for the user to have a mockup visualizer of what a website would look like.
brains.py contains the logic necessary for Red Trader to "think" and data analyze many things.
data4.json should not be altered unless user has a file of data training specific to training.
main.py contains the GUI code and many other logic handling and calculatoions.
contact.html, about_us.html, signup.html, dashboard.html - back to main point.

After you've ran setup.py successfully and downloaded all dependencies, changed paths, and trained the model (with setup.py), you will run the main file.
The main file can be executed by:

python main.py

Following this, the user recieves a "setup wizard", which allows the user to customize their profile according to their liking.
When the setup wizard has been completed, the user will recieve a layout of a chart, with other feautres.
The next part is customizable and self explanatory.
Stocks will be displayed: both in the dropdown menu and watchlist.
